Move logger and profiler finalization to trainer's teardown (#8685)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

    [#8627](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8627))

> - Fix an issue with logger ouputs not being finalized correctly after prediction runs ([#8333](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/8333))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with logger outputs not being finalized correctly after prediction runs ([#8333](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/8333))
```
